---
Moniker: PFC
Validator: terravaloper1hr7svdp2rga9vf3ry95sx7g5wyspgwmg96vqg5
Email: pfc-validator@protonmail.com
Telegram: @PFC_Validator
---

# PFC

PFC stands for Practically Flawless CloudOps

We run a validator and provide hosting services for others so they can concentrate on doing what they are good at.

# Why choose PFC to delegate to ?

We have been active in the terra community for a while, and actively support other validators & projects with their technical needs (sometimes getting paid for it, sometimes not). We have been running validators on terra since March 2021, with a nearly flawless record (1 slash at the very start).

Our nodes are run on top of the line hardware, using active-active technology, in multiple locations.

# Why choose PFC to run your validator ?

Not everyone wants to devote their life to following the latest tech in cloud and cosmos tooling. So we do. We keep track, and keep with the latest innovations across multiple chains (we have a presense on at least 11 chains).

## Our origin story

We started offering hosting services to others when a large cloud provider decided to stop support Terra, leaving multiple validators without any option to continue.

## Trustless Operations

While there is a certain amount of trust needed, our aim is to minimize this as much as possible.

As such we operate in a way that we don't need your private cosmos/terra key.
In this way we can not:

- change your validator details
- modify your commissions
- touch your funds
- vote on your behalf

Yes.. we need your tendermint key.
